>> Brian Holt: So
let's go put it in details.js.
>> Brian Holt: So details is what?
A class, so I can't use any hooks in here,
which is unfun.
So what we're gonna do
here is we're gonna say
import ThemeContext from./ThemeContext.
>> Brian Holt: And unfortunately, it's
a lot weirder to use context with classes.
So, what I'm gonna do
here where the button is,
we have to do ThemeContext.Consumer.
>> Brian Holt: And then inside of this,
you're provided a function.
>> Brian Holt: So inside of this,
I get a function here with the theme back.
And then here I can use this theme to,
I can read from the theme.
So let's put themeHook.
>> Brian Holt: And then here I can
just move my button up into this.
>> Brian Holt: And
I can say style=backgroundColour
themeHook(0), right?
Because it provides you both the set,
or the theme and the set theme.
>> Brian Holt: So keep in mind,
any function that just returns
markup is a React component, right?
So we're just basically creating
a smaller React component inside of
the theme provider.
Or sorry the theme consumer,
which is reading that off of the context.
So it's kind of an odd pattern,
but that's how it works.
Does that make sense?
Now, it's weird to read this
themeHook(0) like this.
So we could actually make this
even simpler if we just did this,
so,
>> Brian Holt: So what did I do here?
I destructured this right.
Now I'm pulling the theme
out of the array.
>> Brian Holt: But you could leave it with
the themeHook(0), I'm fine with that.
>> Brian Holt: Make sense?
>> Brian Holt: So if we go over
here now to the details page.
>> Brian Holt: So notice that
they're on different pages now but
they're both dark blue backgrounds right
and they're both reading from context.
>> Brian Holt: And if you go change that.
So if I go into the app.js and say.
Yeah, this shouldn't be dark blue anymore,
this should be peru,
it's my favorite CSS name color.
That's the color of Peru.
I don't know if you knew that but
that's what it is.
>> Brian Holt: But
notice it updates the entire application.
>> Brian Holt: Make sense?
Yeah, Mark?
>> Speaker 2: Could we pass
multiple hooks to the context?
>> Brian Holt: At that point,
you wouldn't wanna use a
>> Brian Holt: You would just give it
an object, right?
You wouldn't give it multiple hooks,
you would give it just an object, right?
So rather than here,
this is just a string right now.
And probably what I would do
is I would just say object.
And I would have buttonColor darkblue and
maybe like, I don't know, modalColor.
Do modals have colors?
I don't know.
And they're pink, because this
is a well-designed application.
Okay, and then now I would have this and
so I would come into the details here.
And that would be theme.buttonColor,
right?
So you would use an object
instead of just a string.
>> Brian Holt: But again,
just remember that I can give
anything to use context, right?
So if I go back to app.js,
>> Brian Holt: Instead
of having themeHook be a hook here,
I can actually just give it an object and
that object would have a bunch
of stuff in it, right?
So it doesn't have to be a hook.
Hooks in context are not
[LAUGH] hooked together, right?
They're totally separate concepts.
I happen to be using them here together
because they work together nicely.